Add O-RAN Integration documentation (#134)
nephio-project/docs: content/en/docs/network-architecture/_index.md

---
title: Network Architecture
description: Nephio Release Scope, User Stories and Roadmap
weight: 2
---

{{% pageinfo %}}
This section is to formalize the work delivered as part of SIG1 Network Architecture.
{{% /pageinfo %}}

> SIG1 Network Architecture focuses on defining and developing network architecture identifying and/or exercicing Nephio's enablers. The group's work is guided by user stories that capture the needs and priorities of stakeholders, such as network administrators, security officers, engineers, and end-users.

Reviewer: ``
```suggestion
SIG1 Network Architecture focuses on defining and developing network architecture as well as identifying and/or exercicing Nephio's enablers. The group's work is guided by user stories that capture the needs and priorities of stakeholders, such as network administrators, security officers, engineers, and end-users.
```

Author: The point here is to say the network architecture is identifying and/or exercising the Nephio's enablers. The later part of the sentence shouldn't be read as another thing SIG1 is doing. This is done as part of the network architecture.

Reviewer: Would this read better?

SIG1 Network Architecture focuses on defining and developing network architecture ***by*** identifying and/or exercising Nephio's enablers.

Author: Fixed

The scope includes establishing guidelines for network design, security protocols, scalability solutions, performance optimization, and providing comprehensive documentation and training. 

> This website contains only a subset, approved contant, of the produced materials. Everything is available for anyone's consumption in [Nephio SIG1 Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/2/folders/1P4bmDppUIrtBbiRe3fj92xA_qlCMn7sf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This website contains approved content, which is a subset of the material produced by SIG1. Everything is available for anyone's consumption in [Nephio SIG1 Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/2/folders/1P4bmDppUIrtBbiRe3fj92xA_qlCMn7sf).
```

This section is to formalize the work delivered as part of SIG1 Network Architecture.
{{% /pageinfo %}}

> SIG1 Network Architecture focuses on defining and developing network architecture by identifying and/or exercicing Nephio's enablers. The group's work is guided by user stories that capture the needs and priorities of stakeholders, such as network administrators, security officers, engineers, and end-users.

Reviewer 2: spelling excercicing?

Author: fixed here https://github.com/nephio-project/docs/pull/147
